So you mean to blame me?
I can't, I can't.
Wang Han quickly processed Mr. Zhao's loan
It's already done.
We will come to you for a loan normally.
But you let the girl of our Chen family sleep with you
I was bullied by you like this
What about ordinary people who have no money and no power?
I don't want you to be alive and kicking.
Young Master, I was wrong
I was also fooled.
It was ruled by Meng Le Qing
Please also punish the young master
My fault, my fault, my fault, my fault.
We were wrong. We were wrong.
Has the dog changed to eat shit?
You are a major shareholder in the bank
I can't believe they are clean every penny.
Check it out for me and hand it over to the Sheriff's Department
This won't work.
You still need to kowtow and apologize to me
Kowtow now
Manual wrong wrong
Wrong manual.
We change we change
Not too young, not too young
Otherwise, I will marry you
Let Uncle Biao take you home
It's too dangerous for you outside, Uncle Biao
Why did Chen Meixuan get in the car?
Are you pursuing me?
Stop talking
You become a popular flower of a film and television company
Trouble
You don't care about Liu Yifei